master: correct stats variable defaults (#23115)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `3`
- Range: `[1, 2147483647]`
- This variable controls the number of concurrent auto-analyze operations that can run in a TiDB cluster. To accelerate statistics collection tasks, you can increase this concurrency based on the available resources in your cluster.
- Before v8.4.0, this concurrency is fixed at `1`. 

> - Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `3`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v8.5.7 and v9.0.0, the default value changes from `1` to `3`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `3`
- Range: `[1, 2147483647]`

> - This variable controls the number of concurrent auto-analyze operations that can run in a TiDB cluster. Before v8.4.0, this concurrency is fixed at `1`. Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `3`; upgraded clusters keep the persisted global variable value. To accelerate statistics collection tasks, you can increase this concurrency based on the available resources in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the number of concurrent auto-analyze operations that can run in a TiDB cluster. To accelerate statistics collection tasks, you can increase this concurrency based on the available resources in your cluster.
- Before v8.4.0, this concurrency is fixed at `1`. 
- Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `3`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `2`
- Range: `[1, 256]`

> - This variable is used to set the concurrency of executing the automatic update of statistics. Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `2`; upgraded clusters keep the persisted global variable value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the concurrency of executing the automatic update of statistics. 
- Starting from v8.5.7, the default value of this variable changes from `1` to `2`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `2`
- Range: `[1, 256]`
- This variable is used to set the concurrency of executing the automatic update of statistics. 

> - Starting from v8.5.7, the default value of this variable changes from `1` to `2`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v8.5.7 and v9.0.0, the default value of this variable changes from `1` to `2`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `4`

> - Range: `[0, 4294967295]`. The maximum value for v7.5.0 and earlier versions is `256`. Before v8.2.0, the minimum value is `1`. Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `4`; upgraded clusters keep the persisted global variable value. When you set it to `0`, it adaptively adjusts the concurrency based on the cluster size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Range: `[0, 4294967295]`. The maximum value for v7.5.0 and earlier versions is `256`. Before v8.2.0, the minimum value is `1`. When you set it to `0`, it adaptively adjusts the concurrency based on the cluster size.
- Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `4`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `4`
- Range: `[0, 4294967295]`. The maximum value for v7.5.0 and earlier versions is `256`. Before v8.2.0, the minimum value is `1`. When you set it to `0`, it adaptively adjusts the concurrency based on the cluster size.

> - Starting from v8.5.7, the default value changes from `1` to `4`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v8.5.7 and v9.0.0, the default value changes from `1` to `4`. If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the value of this variable remains unchanged after the upgrade.
```
